hey guys so hi I'm Rebecca I mean I
click are wasn't gone for the past two
months and just continue on making a
video today's video is five things that
I wish you guys knew if you don't
already these are things that I've
learned over the years or something I've
learned this year or just things that I
really wish that you knew number one
learn to be uncomfortable and what I
mean by that is learn to step out of
your comfort zone that little circle
that you made for yourself that you're
stuck in get out of that because when
you do there's personal growth you're
able to make memorable memories and
amazing friends and I really really
really wish that you guys would not live
your life wanting to be comfortable all
the time because when you are it's
pretty boring it's pretty predictable
number two is to just do one of the
things that I told myself this year was
I'm gonna make it a year of doing and
what I meant by that is every year I
have a list of goals and dreams that I
want to accomplish
also known as a New Year's resolution go
out and try to accomplish those things
that are on your list as a dreamer I
love to dream about things but what's
the point of being a dreamer if you're
not gonna go out and do those things
that's the reason why that I've made a
website this year it's a reason why I
made a short film even though it could
be so much better but it was better than
doing nothing that's why this year I cut
my hair and I've just done so many
things because of that whole idea of
just go out and do it number three set
apart what's valuable to you and what's
not valuable we live in a materialistic
culture even on YouTube there are a
bunch of monthly favorites video there's
beauty products that they want you to
buy and all these amazing things just
learn to know
that you're subconsciously wanting or
consciously one of the things that they
put into you so you're always going to
go I think they need this I need to buy
this
I want this don't trick yourself into
that trap of wanting something that you
really don't need number four we're all
going through something whether you
already went through it whether you're
going through it right now or whether
you will go through it later in the
future we're all going through something
we've all went through something so why
don't we just treat others kindly be
that kindness in the world not love and
that light in that world and let's
cultivate kindness
let's give kindness for free and let's
help people selflessly without wanting
anything in return and number five it's
okay to not have it all figured out it's
okay to be uncertain about your future
this was something I struggled with once
I entered college because you know
there's this pressure that you really
need to know what you're gonna do right
but that pressure just made me really
stressed out and unhappy for so long for
my whole whole year of college just be
really stressed out but just guys just
take it day by day tomorrow has it's
enough worries so these are five things
I wish I knew in the past or more so
that you guys I hope you guys know and
if you didn't I hope that I reminded you
some of these things and that you would
share these things with others so we
could just all just be one big happy
family also I have a poll where you can
vote for my next video and I have some
fun videos on there so vote for which
video you would like to see next
I'll see you event do that again read it
Stalin of our number why take 500 you
know what I'm saying
[Music]